So we talked about expert roundups, but another type of content that may fit into your strategy is
a link roundup.
This is exactly what it sounds like, a collection of links that you feel your audience should know
about.
I used to do a weekly roundup for the tech industry where I compiled the most important news and the
best thought and opinion pieces every single week.
You can do something like that, or you can go with a more evergreen approach where you compile the
best articles, videos, tools or resources on a given topic.
When you're curating content like this, you'll want to be very selective.
The way to create the best roundup is to filter out all the noise and compile the absolute best content
for your audience.
Spend some time summarizing each link so people know exactly what they're getting and neatly package
it into a nice, cohesive list.
A link roundup is pretty easy to write because you're curating other people's content rather than creating
your own.
But it's still valuable because it saves your readers from having to do the research themselves.